DealBook got dinner miss miss you more
Chi extreme firstly you just want to
apologize now that I've been getting a
few messages I know I haven't been
making videos in a while I caught on two
months now and I've just been very busy
with some stuff in the real world and I
just haven't been able to sit down from
the camera and say stupid things for a
while so I'm trying to get back into it
now I hopefully I'll get some sort of a
regularity going again fingers crossed
so I thought I'd just do something a
little bit stupid silly just to kind of
you know break me back into it to get
things going again and I thought I'd
start by making my first ever I'm eating
my first ever peanut butter and jelly
sandwich now I've never had one of these
types of sandwiches before i do like
sandwiches you'll always see it on like
american TV shows or you know hollywood
films and stuff whenever there's any
teenagers or or kids having a lunch or
something sometimes they're usually
having a peanut butter and jelly
sandwich and i never kind of appealed to
me before because when i think of jelly
i always think of you know the jelly
waddly dessert then you know I find a
picture of it and put it up here yeah so
that's kind of what I think of when I'm
thinking of jelly and the thought of
putting that type of jelly into a
sandwich much less a peanut butter jelly
sandwich just didn't seem to work for me
in my head it didn't seem right but then
my sister pointed out the other day that
apparently in the States jelly is what
they say for jam what we say over here
like strawberry jam so that actually
makes a bit more sense to me and I do
like an ice jam sandwich every now and
then and I do like a peanut butter
sandwich every now and then so I figured
why not try out a peanut butter and
jelly sandwich or a PB&J as they call it
I guess over in the States for the first
time and I've got here my pieces of
bread I'm using brown bread and I've
already pre buttered the bride I'm kind
of weird
from having a peanut butter sandwich I
still put normal butter on the bread and
I've got my jam here and I peanut butter
here now you might notice that these are
actually homemade jam and peanut butter
my mom makes homemade jam strawberry jam
she grows strawberries up in our back
garden and in the summertime and we eat
them and what doesn't get eaten gets
turned into the gym and joy made this as
well a while ago it's a homemade peanut
butter which is quite nice it's a very
sugary though she likes to put sugar in
it because I it's kind of filipino thing
I guess so I'm going to use these so you
can't accuse me of you know advertising
jam or a peanut butter company but if
any jam or peanut butter companies are
watching this you know if you want me to
advertise you think I have no problem
accepting your money and remaking this
video with your product just contact me
mocha extreme at gmail com so let's a
spread on this Jam here first and go jam
saw you first okay that's a decent
amount of jam their joys peanut butter
is a bit sticky as well so stickier than
normal peanut butter tends to be so this
is kind of commitment chunks almost this
is quite nice never had homemade peanut
butter before so I guess wouldn't have
to compare against daughter homemade
peanut butters just you know the regular
stuff but quite like it and also it's
cheaper that we have this instead of
having to buy peanut back as well more
peanut butter on there I probably should
have made a cup of tea to go with this
this is my lunch for a day as well
okay and there's the peanut butter and
there's the gem so yeah peanut butter
and jam son
kind of okay you got the flavor of the
strawberry jam pleased with that
stickiness but you get your peanut bar
all the same time
copy but if you can peanut butter now is
start the whole room tower the jam it's
okay it's edible the first but was ok
then as I kept eating as you get the
peanut bar kind of you know sticking all
over your mouth as attacks to do the
first flight was a nice blend of the two
flavors and the textures
and now I'm kind of losing the chap just
a little hint of the flavor of jam for
the peanut butter is very much
overpowering because the stickiness I
got exchanging am outside of flavor
peanut butter stainer what do you feel
if it is though you see you're not
timing TV shows movies averages
why not just have a peanut butter
sandwich or jump something stirring the
rustic apple site so they just mix the
two let's go actually I've completely
lost the flavor of the job is that
supposed to happen that work normally
happened Tina I really should have made
a cup of tea a nice warm hot cup TV
never leave even in the bites are some
bites i could see there's more jammed
and peanut butter i still can't really
taste the jam anymore
it was ok um honestly if I was going to
have a sandwich in the future i actually
prefer i wanted to mix the two of them
if a while i have peanut butter at the
same time that I had a job and actually
I think I'd prefer to just make a jam
sandwich and I'm a separate peanut
butter sandwich and then I'll just eat
one after year it was ok it's the nice
mix textures but after the first bite
lost the flavor of job completely so
this basically like eating a peanut
butter sandwich that what normally
happens I don't know that was my first
one ever yeah probably won't do that
again as I driver just copy so you live
jam sandwich and peanut butter sandwich
athletes bit more sense to me now ok
this is smoke I extreme thanks for
watching my video slow i'm on this rock
on